DRAFT: RAG OOP support (#42)
Azure/azure-functions-openai-extension: CHANGELOG.md

- Added dotnet-isolated support for Embeddings
- Added support for multiple search providers.

> - Added dotnet-isolated support for RAG kusto and AISearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added dotnet-isolated support for Kusto and Azure AI Search RAG scenarios.
```
